Geant4 simulations used to model STRAW noise and calculate effective volume for salinity measurement

In order to run these simulatons one needs to compile the code. This can be done via the following:

cd /path/to/sim/dir
source geant4.sh
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make

This will create an executable file in the build directory which can then be executed to run the simulation.
Each simulation has options which will change some of the simulation parameters,
they can be added as follows ./exec option1 value1 option2 value2
Noteable options:

ui 1 (or any number != 0) enter ui mode, default 0 (no ui)
Seed double     Change seed of RNG for simulation, default 0
WorldRadius length (m)    Change radius of world, default 20. metres


A brief description of each simulation can be found here. If one is curious as to which parts of the simulation do what, 
please see the absorption/k40coinc.cc file as this is the only commented simulation code.


absorption:
	The most complete Potassium-40 simulation can be found in the `absorption` directory. 
	It will simulate the proper amount of K40 atoms in a (default) 20m volume of water with an appropriately sized sDOM. 
	This simulation was used to calculate the effective volume for the comparison with the STRAW data concidences and ONC's measure of the Cascadia Basin salinity.
	My first run of the simulation contained an error where the files did not get written out with the coincidences,
	so there is a `reanalyze` directory which re-ran the coincidence analysis since I was able to save the data from the simulations. 
	It also contains files from cedar where the same error occured and was re-analyzed.
	This simulation does NOT account for the quantum efficiency (QE) of the sDOM, 
	rather a separate script was written to deal with the QE after the simulation to get higher statistics.
	See Notebooks/G4.


acceptance_sim
	The `acceptance_sim` simulation contains the code for simulating the angular acceptance of the simulated sDOM. Scripts to gather the
	data for this test can be found in the acceptance_test/ directory in the simulation directory

glass40
	The `glass40` directory conatins a simulation for Potassium-40 simulations from the sDOM glass. 
	It simulates K40 atoms in the glass hemispheres of the sDOM ONLY and nothing in the water.


In order for the most accurate simulation (to date) one would need to 
combine both the absorption and the glass40 simulations in a world with a 50m radius. 
The 50m size need only be applied to the absorption simulation since this is where the extra hits will originate from.
My recommendation would be that one writes a script that runs both simlations separately and combines the data afterwards.
If one is only looking for coincidences between up and down facing pmts then a 20m radius world will suffice with no glass simulations.
